Skull Mania

Overview:
In Skull Mania, you begin with 3 switches in front of you. You must activate these switches to open the locked door ahead. The rooms that surround you are full of skulls. Find the item you need from each room to activate the switches, open the door, and escape! Ramp up the difficulty in Level 2 where you must also kill the music coming from one the rooms!

Key feature 1: Spatialised Audio
Sound cues can be found throughout the game, such as the speaker cube from Level 2 or the torches found on the walls. The sound emitting from these game objects is localized and appropriate for the item. For instance, the music coming from the speaker will get louder as the player gets closer to it, providing a clue as to where it can be found.

Key feature 2: Grab Mechanics
Skull Mania relies on grab mechanics using the VR motion controller. The player can grab items directly or use tools such as the scooper to move and sort through a big pile, bringing the item to an easier position.

Key feature 3: Wrist-mounted widgets
A ‘Hints’ widget can be optionally viewed from the player’s left wrist that will update with clues as you move throughout the level. The main menu can be accessed from the right wrist allowing for easy access to level loading and reloading.



VisionBound

Overview:
VisionBound is a proof of concept Virtual Reality adaptation of Visual Restitution Therapy (VRT), a therapy designed to help restore lost areas of a person's visual field. In VRT, bright visual stimuli are shown one by one along the border of the person's visual field while they focus on a central point. VisionBound uses head tracking to reduce the effect of compensatory head movements when scanning for the stimuli and provides a larger area than a computer screen for the stimuli to spawn in.

Key feature 1: Calibration Sequence
The user can calibrate their visual field by providing an input when they can no longer see a calibration point which moves in the left, right, up, and down direction from a central focus point. 

Key feature 2: Stimulus Spotting Sequence
The user's intact-defect border of their visual field which extends the least will be calculated from calibration, and visual stimuli will spawn along this border. This, in theory, will help to restore this part of the user's visual field.

Key Feature 3: Customization
To make the process more fun, the user can choose what their focus point looks like, the point where they will keep their gaze throughout the process. For instance, they can choose a 'skull and bones', making sure the skull stays aligned with the bones.



House Checks

Overview:
Have you switched all the lights off? Locked the front door? Turned your PC off? House Checks is a 2D, top-down Serious Game aimed at enforcing an evening routine. It features an accessibility-focused, cyclic UI with a one-button input system. You must move from room to room, make sure your house is safe and secure, and earn your sleep.

Key Feature 1: Cyclic UI
Actions are controlled through a UI that cycles at a controlled, steady rate, with distinct color changes and sound cues. This gives the user time to consider which action to take, and welcomes a wider player audience through accessibility. 

Key feature 2: One-button Input System
House Checks has been designed around a one-button input system. The input can be mapped to any key, accessibility switch, used as a left mouse click or on touchscreen. 



Tairu Shōtotsu
Overview:
Ever played the coin gambling game 'Zeni Hajiki' from PlayStation's 'Ghost of Yotei'? This is basically that. Tairu Shōtotsu roughly translates from Japanese to Tile Collision. It's a two-player, 1v1 game where you flick tiles into other tiles for points. Featuring customizable physics parameters allowing you to create chaos!

Key Feature 1:Customizable Physics
Players can use the sliders on the right of the screen to make live changes to the physics of the game. Such changes include the amount of friction between the tiles and the table, the power of the flick, the level of gravity, and the tiles' mass.

Key Feature 2: Game Parameters
The game parameters, such as number of points needed to win or number of tiles on the table, can also be changed both before and during a match-up.



ForReel
Overview:
ForReel is an Android-native mobile app where you can search for films and find out where to stream them in the UK. You can also add films to 'Reels', which are similar to playlists on Spotify. Say you're in the mood to watch an Adam Sandler film, just check out your Adam Sandler Reel! Maybe you it's Christmas time and you fancy watching a Christmas classic, take a look in your Christmas Reel!

Key Feature 1: Live API Integration
ForReel uses an API for film names, posters, overviews, and streaming information. The app updates in real time so the information is always up to date. keeping the homepage fresh with sections like 'Currently Trending'.

Key Feature 2: Firebase
Firestore has been integrated to store datasets, such as films in a user's Reel, and secure authentication for any user account information.